com/example/rinder/models/Message.java
 com.example.rinder.models.Message
com/example/rinder/Users.java
 com.example.rinder.Users
com/example/rinder/Tutor.java
 com.example.rinder.Tutor
com/example/rinder/books.java
 com.example.rinder.books
com/example/rinder/interfaces/BotReply.java
 com.example.rinder.interfaces.BotReply
com/example/rinder/Request.java
 com.example.rinder.Request
com/example/rinder/helpers/SendMessageInBg.java
 com.example.rinder.helpers.SendMessageInBg
com/example/rinder/model2.java
 com.example.rinder.model2
com/example/rinder/helpers/RequestJavaV2Task.java
 com.example.rinder.helpers.RequestJavaV2Task
com/example/rinder/model.java
 com.example.rinder.model
com/example/rinder/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.rinder.BuildConfig
com/example/rinder/FindTutor.java
 com.example.rinder.FindTutor
 com.example.rinder.FindTutor$1
 com.example.rinder.FindTutor$1$1
 com.example.rinder.FindTutor$PackageViewHolder
com/example/rinder/AboutUs.java
 com.example.rinder.AboutUs
com/example/rinder/adapters/ChatAdapter.java
 com.example.rinder.adapters.ChatAdapter
 com.example.rinder.adapters.ChatAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/rinder/Findstudyp.java
 com.example.rinder.Findstudyp
 com.example.rinder.Findstudyp$1
 com.example.rinder.Findstudyp$1$1
 com.example.rinder.Findstudyp$PackageViewHolder
com/example/rinder/xyz.java
 com.example.rinder.xyz
 com.example.rinder.xyz$1
com/example/rinder/Pview.java
 com.example.rinder.Pview
 com.example.rinder.Pview$1
 com.example.rinder.Pview$1$1
com/example/rinder/Sellinformation.java
 com.example.rinder.Sellinformation
 com.example.rinder.Sellinformation$1
com/example/rinder/Home_page.java
 com.example.rinder.Home_page
com/example/rinder/RequestList.java
 com.example.rinder.RequestList
 com.example.rinder.RequestList$1
 com.example.rinder.RequestList$1$1
 com.example.rinder.RequestList$PackageViewHolder
com/example/rinder/Studypartner.java
 com.example.rinder.Studypartner
 com.example.rinder.Studypartner$1
 com.example.rinder.Studypartner$2
com/example/rinder/Registration.java
 com.example.rinder.Registration
 com.example.rinder.Registration$1
 com.example.rinder.Registration$1$1
 com.example.rinder.Registration$1$2
 com.example.rinder.Registration$2
com/example/rinder/RequestViewProfile.java
 com.example.rinder.RequestViewProfile
 com.example.rinder.RequestViewProfile$1
 com.example.rinder.RequestViewProfile$2
 com.example.rinder.RequestViewProfile$2$1
com/example/rinder/Log_in.java
 com.example.rinder.Log_in
 com.example.rinder.Log_in$1
 com.example.rinder.Log_in$1$1
 com.example.rinder.Log_in$1$2
 com.example.rinder.Log_in$2
com/example/rinder/ShopList.java
 com.example.rinder.ShopList
 com.example.rinder.ShopList$1
 com.example.rinder.ShopList$2
 com.example.rinder.ShopList$3
 com.example.rinder.ShopList$4
com/example/rinder/Store.java
 com.example.rinder.Store
 com.example.rinder.Store$1
 com.example.rinder.Store$2
com/example/rinder/JoinTutor.java
 com.example.rinder.JoinTutor
 com.example.rinder.JoinTutor$1
com/example/rinder/MystudypartnerList.java
 com.example.rinder.MystudypartnerList
 com.example.rinder.MystudypartnerList$1
 com.example.rinder.MystudypartnerList$1$1
 com.example.rinder.MystudypartnerList$PackageViewHolder
com/example/rinder/Profile.java
 com.example.rinder.Profile
 com.example.rinder.Profile$1
com/example/rinder/Book.java
 com.example.rinder.Book
com/example/rinder/Splash_screen.java
 com.example.rinder.Splash_screen
com/example/rinder/chat.java
 com.example.rinder.chat
 com.example.rinder.chat$1
com/example/rinder/StudypatnersentMassage.java
 com.example.rinder.StudypatnersentMassage
com/example/rinder/MainActivity.java
 com.example.rinder.MainActivity
